Cornell is a world-class research institution known for the breadth and rigor of its curricula, and an academy dedicated to preparing young people to be well-educated and well-rounded citizens of the world. Its faculty and students believe in the critical importance of knowledge — both theoretical and applied — as a means of improv- ing the human condition and solving the world’s problems.
Among the Ithaca, New York, campus, the Weill Cornell Medicine campuses in New York City and Qatar, and the new Cornell Tech campus in New York City, the university enrolls more than 14,300 undergraduates and 8,900 graduate and professional school students from all 50 U.S. states and more than 120 countries. Cornell employs some 8,100 staff and 1,600 professorial faculty members in Ithaca and at Cornell Tech, and an additional 5,000 staff and 1,700 faculty members at Weill Cornell Medicine. The university is governed by a 64-member board of trustees, which includes representatives from the faculty, students, staff, alumni and New York state.
Founded in 1865, Cornell University is a private, Ivy League research university and the land-grant institution of New York state. Cornell’s colleges and schools — including four “contract colleges” (oper-
ated by Cornell under contract with New York state) — encompass more than 100 fields of study, many of which provide opportunities for learning and engagement that span the state, nation and world. As a land-grant university, Cornell operates a cooperative extension outreach program in every county of New York and has operated the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station in Geneva for 125 years, developing cutting-edge research and technologies essential to feeding the world and strengthening New York economies.
Cornell counts more than 245,000 living alumni. Its former and pres- ent faculty and alumni include 512 Fulbright scholars, 68 Goldwater scholars, 46 Nobel laureates, 36 Udall scholars, 34 Marshall scholars, 33 Rhodes scholars, 25 Truman scholars, 21 Churchill scholars, nine Gates scholars, and six Schwarzman scholars.